Please meet with Kevin LaFrancis, Director of Commerce Services for the interview. Use the link below to join on video. Kevin is a very friendly person and easy to talk to. He will want to learn about your background/experiences and will take some time to discuss the opportunity. He will ask you some situational questions around working with others, problem solving in a group and conflict resolutions in a group team setting. Overall, the interview will be very conversational in nature. Let me know if any immediate questions or concerns. Thanks, and good luck.


Kevin LaFrancis
    is background
        worked with footlocker for 5 years been in tech for over 12 years.

1. tell us about yourself
    father of 2
    my youngest is in the 2nd grade she is my lovely little princess
    my oldest in high school getting college credits and playing football
    I love football so much.
    If I am not coding, watching a sporting event I am spenting time with my family
     that is basicall my life. code. family and football lol

2. tell us about a time you have overcome an opsticle
    learning mongo db quickly.
    codecodomy
    reading documentation

3. can you name something you are excited about or most proud of
    -I am most proud of quickly becoming the lead intern engineer with iServiceWeb
        a. code reviews
        b. meeting one on one with interns to resolve blockers
        c. meeting with the project manager and other leadership for overall direction of the project.
    -This is what I am most proud of because when I was hired with iServiceWeb I said I wanted to get the most out of the internship and  I believe I have done just that. By not only gaining valuable experience in developing a large scale applicaiton but learning how to lead in the software role.

4. How have you dealt with problems at work?
   a.  Well if it is a problem with learning something like a technology or just how to use a tool the company uses I look for someone    who knows how to use it an ask for their guidness.

   b.  if it is an issue with the person I ususally dont have those. I get along with alot of people. I usually try to let people have bad days. even with my kids if they are rude to me I might get upset with them but I let it go quickly. We are all human anyway.

   c. If it is a conflict of how to resolve the approch to a problem genarlly I like to defer to the person with the most experience or in charge of the project.

        hoan ()THAT WOULD BE REAT

   collaborate iwth the other rteams. 

   what is the culture like



   what does succes look like 6 months down the road:
        within the first couple of weeks hit the ground running
        the contract with the consultant ends in october
        contribue to the team  (NET. VALUE TO THE ROLE)
    


    TECHNICAL IN NATURE WITH THE NEXT IKIOI TKO LIKTH E WORK